1) What is this?

This software package includes 
the Intelligent HTTP Gateway. This package
is referred to as the "Eddie base package" elsewhere.

It is only meaningful to install the Eddie base package on a *set* of
hosts. Never the less it is possible to simulate advanced clusters on
a single host. Read the tutorial included in this package to do this.

The other Eddie component is the Load-balancing DNS Server.

The Intelligent HTTP Gateway is a peer which sits on top of back-end
HTTP servers such as the Apache Web server. The gateway schedules
requests to the least loaded back-ends on the LAN using adaptable
load-balancing algorithms. It also analyzes incoming requests
directing certain types of traffic to certain types of hosts using
configurable scheduling patterns, e.g. CGI-script requests can be
directed to host A and requests for static HTML pages to host B.

The gateway also features advanced admission control mechanisms, it
handles a session for each client and during server overload only
clients with active sessions are granted access. A new client is put
on hold (queued) during overload but is given a queue number and a
rough estimate on when access is granted. The client is frequently and
automatically reconnected as he/she advances in the queue. This
behavior is fully configurable, e.g. customized put on hold HTML pages
and CGI-scripts can be specified (commercials?). 

If the Load-balancing DNS Server, or indeed a simple round-robin DNS
server, and the IP Migration Application are used together several
gateways can be used in parallel. This guarantees a solution with high
throughput, high availability and a high degree of scalability. A
single host can even harbor several gateways and back-ends at the same
time if necessary. The gateways take this into account and the
load-balancing algorithms adapt.

The GAteway Application includes an IP Migration feature making
it possible to set up overlapping take-over and fail-over sets using
any type of servers. The goal is to be in service as long as at least
one host is running. All aspects of the clustering are configurable
and call-back scripts can be written to customize start, stop,
monitoring and alarm handling. 

2) Installation

Read the installation and configuration manual at www.eddieware.org.

3) Support

If you have problems report this to talk@eddieware.org.

Attach the following information:

- A description of the problem.
- Eddie package version and OS revision.
- The log files, e.g. /var/tmp/eddie_eddie@zaphod.{1-5} *and*
  the /var/tmp/eddie_log.eddie@zaphod directory.
